insert into students 
values(1, "Ankit Anand");
insert into students 
values(2, "Richa Anand");
insert into students 
values(3, "Ashish Anand");
insert into students 
values(4, "Shipra Sawarn");
insert into students 
values(5, "Rishav Kumar");
insert into students 
values(6, "Donald Trump");

insert into teachers 
values(1, "Paul Geek");
insert into teachers 
values(2, "Tim Buchalka");
insert into teachers 
values(3, "Abdul Bari");

insert into classrooms
values(1,1,1);
insert into classrooms
values(1,2,1);
insert into classrooms
values(1,3,1);
insert into classrooms
values(2,4,2);
insert into classrooms
values(2,5,2);
insert into classrooms
values(2,6,1);